1. In the folder Impact of delay-tolerance, the code file simulation_A_B_tolerance_C_D.py is for solving the ED, TAD and DUM models under different numbers of users (A,B) and different delay-tolerance thresholds (C,D), where (A,B) could take the values (3,7) (5,5) and (7,3), and (C,D) could take the values (1,1) (1,1.5) and (1.5,1). Then the the optimal appointment schedules and sequence solutions as well as the computational times presented in results are derived and recorded. Note that the files model_ED.py, model_TAD.py and model_DUM.py models contain the corresponding codes for that EM, TAD, and DUM models. The file generateSample.py contains the code for reading the training samples from the original data.

2. The code file User_heterogeneity.py is for evaluating the out-of-sample performance among these three models under different numbers of user types, which has been used in Section 6.2 of our paper.

3. In the folder A case using real patient data, the code file experiment_FV_RV_X.py is for solving the ED, TAD and DUM models under different cases of delay-tolerance thresholds for FV and RV patients, where X represents the percentile of the historical waiting times and takes the values 0.2, 0.3 and 0.4. Similarly, the code file experiment_categorize_consulting_X.py is for solving the ED, TAD and DUM models under different cases of delay-tolerance thresholds which are categorized by consulting time, where X represents the percentile of the historical waiting times and takes the values 0.2, 0.3 and 0.4. Then the computational times presented in results are recorded. Note that the ED, TAD and DUM models are encoded in the respective code files inside the model file. These code files are used in Section 6.4 of our paper.

4. In the folder Additional numerical experiments, the code file simulation_idle_A-B.py is for solving the TAD model under different idle time tolerance thresholds, where (A,B) represents the number of users and could take the values (3,7) (5,5) and (7,3). Then the the optimal appointment schedules and sequence solutions as well as the computational times presented in results are derived and recorded. These code files are used in E-Companion EC E of our paper.

Note: for the code files, you may need to change the input parameters for replicating, for instance, as for the code file simulation_idle_3-7.py inside the folder Additional numerical experiments, you may change the idle time tolerance by changing the parameter tau presented in line 620.
